# AI-Powered-HR-Decision-Support-System
Data-based decision making has become increasingly vital in organizations, hence resulting in various organizational changes in different business operations, such as Human Resource Management (HRM). The development of the discipline of Business Analytics has been significant in helping organizations to gather, analyze, and interpret data to enhance decision making. Moreover, advancements in technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI), workflows, and business intelligence have also made organizations more efficient through automation and intelligent systems. In this regard, the project focuses on integrating Agentic AI, Business Analytics, and HR decision support systems.
The main objective of the study is to establish an intelligent system through which information can be gathered, analyzed, and interpreted to inform managers decision-making process. Primary data will be collected through structured questionnaires. Secondary data will be collected from articles, books, journals, and online sources that focus on Business Analytics, HR Analytics, and Artificial Intelligence.
The analyzed data is processed by n8n automation and an AI-driven agent to assess the sentiment of employees, risks of attrition, and HR advice. The outcomes of the data analysis process are then visualized by means of the Power BI tool for decision-making purposes.
The results of the research indicate the possibility of improving HR decision making by integrating Business Analytics with Agentic AI. Specifically, the use of analytics in HR is seen as an important prerequisite for implementing proactive HR management policies.
